I'm just doing what I know I'm doing
what you taught me I've never taught you
to be a thief now he taught me to
navigate people's minds I can access
your mind through the dreams
it's called inception how do we get out
I'm hoping you have something more
elegant in mind than shooting me in the
head I kick what's a kick that feeling
of falling it snaps you out of the drink
this would be a kick
building a dream from your memory is the
easiest way to lose your grasp on what's
real and what is a dream so what
happened to you
you got a drive from stuff you know
right it's your creation there's nothing
quite like it but you're gonna perform
inception you need imagination
you mustn't be afraid to dream a little
bigger darling
did the chicken miss me can't imagine
the seed that we plant in this man's
mind will change everything
this can't be done the dreams within
dreams is too unstable
it is possible
god we should walk away from that the
people that hired us won't accept
failure
part of the plan
what's happening this subconsciousness
looking for the dreamer me quick Mekas
are still looking at us
yeah it's worth a shot pg-13 in theaters
and IMAX July 16th